{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Crispy fried chicken with a secret blend of herbs and spices, served with a side of creamy mashed potatoes and gravy.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 A colorful salad bursting with fresh greens, ripe cherry tomatoes, crunchy cucumbers, and tangy balsamic vinaigrette.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Juicy Angus beef burger topped with melted cheddar cheese, crisp lettuce, juicy tomato slices, and smoky bacon on a toasted brioche bun.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Creamy mushroom risotto cooked to perfection with Arborio rice, savory mushrooms, and a hint of Parmesan cheese.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Spicy shrimp tacos filled with succulent shrimp, crisp cabbage slaw, zesty lime crema, and fresh avocado slices.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Classic pepperoni pizza topped with gooey mozzarella cheese, tangy tomato sauce, and slices of spicy pepperoni.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Fluffy buttermilk pancakes drizzled with warm maple syrup and topped with a dollop of whipped cream and fresh berries.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Rich and hearty beef stew simmered low and slow with tender chunks of beef, hearty vegetables, and fragrant herbs.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Freshly baked garlic breadsticks brushed with garlic butter and sprinkled with Parmesan cheese, served alongside marinara sauce for dipping.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Grilled salmon fillet glazed with a sweet and tangy teriyaki sauce, served with a side of steamed jasmine rice and stir-fried vegetables.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 A decadent chocolate lava cake oozing with molten chocolate center, topped with a scoop of creamy vanilla ice cream.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 Vibrant vegetable stir-fry featuring crisp bell peppers, tender broccoli florets, sweet carrots, and savory tofu, all tossed in a flavorful soy ginger sauce.\cb1 \
}